*Jungle Noises*
Hey, guys.  As many of you already know, I made a
MySpace, like, a few months ago. And
it's doing great. I have, like, 30,000
friends and growing. But
sometimes, it does get a little
stressful. I get, like, 600 friend requests
a day, on average.
Do you have any idea how
long it takes to approve all of those?
Not to mention, I get tons of
comments and messages saying stuff like
"Why don't you ever comment me back?
"I mean, I watch all your
videos." "Why won't you accept
my friend requests?
I sent it, like,
an hour ago! You never
respond to my messages.
(hyperventilating)
Aw, suck it up! I got stuff
to do, you know? I-- I--
I clean my keyboard.
I--
I read...
the-- the dictionary apparently.
You know?
I do stuff.
So anyways, all joking aside,
I'd like to say that I'm sorry
that I can't reply to all you guys.
I really do feel bad sometimes.
So I wrote you guys a song that I hope you'll like
despite the fact that I'm losing my voice
right now and,
yeah, here it is.
As time goes by, I learned that myspace is a great responsibility.
And I realize all the things I haven't done affect all the people around me.
So I wanted to take this time out and apologize for things I haven't done and things that didn't occur yet.
And things I don't want to take responsibility for.
I'm sorry that my friend requests have grown
Takes about an hour to approve em alone
I'm sorry for the times that I had to go
You were online and I did not know
That you were at home just waiting for me
To respond to every message and comment I see
I'm sorry for the times I would neglect
I'm sorry for the times that I did not check
I'm sorry for the things I haven't done
I'm a ninja, gangstah, emo, nerd, asian
I'm sorry that I'm busy and always away
I got a lot to do, what more can I say
Cuz I'm doing homework like everyday
I'm sorry that I had to write that fricken essay
I know I didn't take all your request
Like how to be gay or how to be a prep
I understand that you get pissed off
And its not your fault, I know
All the hate mail I get from you
Just because I respond too slow
I should apologize for singing this song
It sucks and makes a fool out of me
I would respond to you right now
But I'd forget cuz my A.D.D.
You can blame my A.D.D.
For me being so busy
Its not that I am lazy
Its just cuz my A.D.D.
Said you can blame my A.D.D.
For me being so busy
Its not that I am lazy
Its just cuz my A.D.D.